Photos of Michigan
Photos of Saugatuck sand dunes
Photos of Henry Ford Musuem
Photos of Detroit Institute of Arts
Photos of the Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park
Photos of the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore.
Photos of Arch Rock
Photos of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lake Shore
Photos of Shepler's Mackinac Island Ferry.
Photos of Tahquamenon Falls State Park
Photos Motown Mesuem
Photos Greenfield Village
Photos Mackinac Island State Park
Photos of Comerica Park
Photos of the Soo Locks
Photos of Fort Mackinac
Photos of the Mackinac Bridge
Photos of the Holland State Park Beach
Photos of the Gerlad R. Ford Musuem
Photos of the Oval Beach
Photos of the Detroit River Front
Photos of the S.S. Badger: Lake Michigan Carferry
Photos of the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant
Photos of Presque Isle Park
Photos of the Windmill Island Gardens
Photos of the Guardian Building